What

Windows is activated?
i didnt type that
nor did i open quotes i wasnt even on that tab i was doing online shopping on my pc 
yeh sab kaise khula
How would I know? I was getting ready na, 
so you didnt open it then who did?
["Insert Poker Face Emoji Here"]!!!
are you messing with me?
Did you seriously just right clicked and opened the camera? no aapne aap right click hua then i was like just open for god sake 

Kuchh ghapla hora hai Milady
Serious Ghapla
are you messing with my head?
Are you serious? Why, wait, How could I possibly have done it
and you said it opened up and tabs don't go opening up like that

idk kya hua screen pr ni thi me 
sab minimized tha tere end pr black screen sab clean and when i opened teamviewer toh pinterest gusse me i closed the tab without looking opened cam and there you were stepping out i thought tu kholke gaya hai 

Nahi, i was toh putting my towel back and bas vahi
WTF
WTaF
You're doing this somehow, haina
?

are noo you are
stop it mujhe toh tab bhi ni ata open karna shortcut se gadhe 
Abeyyyy ye shorcut se kese ho skta hai I was on another app entirely

You did not send me the pic I wanted :(
i was too conscious to click bahar and andar full mirror ni tha :(

...
videocall karliyo Hehehehehheehheheeh
And videocall pe I get to see
but i did get oe pic kal ill get better one
voh choti si smile joh nikalri h na, nikalne de usse

its 9:16 backward counting karte h 
uhmmm 11:15 class matlab 10:20 nikal jau
nahana h change karna h lets keep 20min aaj no makeup shit quick ready only


toh abhi lets work until 10:00
toh phir stay on call keep telling me time xp varna me late
Are you here?

im here why'd you apologize?
uhm i thought you had been waiting 
Nahi re, was just asking

Achha so the first three exercises are like "Snaps Fingers"
The 4th exercise is gonna be tricky; Shayad, I'm not sure, Have
n't yet read it

vahi im saying lemme see it 
revise krna hoga but we have done something like this im sure 
ive done this
I don't recall doing this at all UGH
i think we have 
Cool, Then de
khle




do second ruk getting notebook 
Second?
Arre second toh I'll do, wo sab yaad hain mujhe I guess, The onl
y 


d
i
k
ka

t 

i
s
 






 he bhagwan i meant two mins rukkkkk 
 Ohhhhh OK

 Back In A Jiffy
 snap dekh
 oh ok



 you mean so much to me panda <3 i cant even find enough words...; So do you Milady :)

 What just happened?; nothing 
 S
 ocmeant hinig 
 can i not say what comes to me mind?
 Yes You can chubby <3 :
 )bass phir vahi hai yeh 

 Yayayayayayya, I made 3 Layer sandwich
 nice whats in it?
 Butter, Tomatoes, Salt, Black Pepper, Jalapenos <3 wah didnt get cheese?
 tomato cheese hayee :')
 I'm getting cheese tomorrow
 yupppp
 So, I'll have to ask seniors about where to get these table data from and then I'll do the first three exercises
 ohhhhhh
 hass kyu ra hai tu
 Because you were like "ohhhhhhh" I was thinking ki ye hh kya chal raha hai?
 lolllllllllllllllipop lol
 Damnnnnnnnnn You and lollls
 im adorably cute and you know it ^.^
 yeah baat toh sayi hai xp
 "sab" dard karra hai mera purza purza xp
 Niceeeeeeeeee hehe
 1. what does sab mean; Every Part toh funny kyu yeh? Think of "Every" Part
 yeh but that is also paining na 
 Wait what how?
 what are you referrring to?
 What are you referring to?
 i asked first; and thus you get to answer first as well XD
 bhappp shush Hurrrrrrrrr Hush shooo  swOoshhhhhh
 Ok, what are you referring to? tu bata ab first
 There are two things that i could possibly refer to,  iH dont know what you were drawing coz lag kargya so i think you drew a butt coz there was 
 ufff 
 That's one thing ; haa right me dard karra h lol and well the Other is the
 2. lag kyu hora hai; Cause 39Mbps

 Gotcha XD tu pehle hassle
 I'm back XD
 ik, Duh
 "watchaa doin"
 Looking if the "tables" in question have a reference somewhere

 Arrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
 I totally forgot to show you something
 So the thing is ki every assignment has to be signed
 And so the first one had to be signed as well
 So it was saved to my Onedrive, i opened it on my phone, and.... used the S-Pen to sign the documen
 Hello?
 i ddint get anything so i read it again but n nahi aya samajh

 These are the signatures i did on my phone and it got synchronised to my system almost instantly and it was so coooooooool




 HOLY SHIT THATS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUCKING AMAZING

 IKRRRRR, Took you a second to think?What were you thinking?
 CURSOR NI ARA THA TERA LAG KARRA HAI BOHOT ZYADA  why am i writing in caps wtf 
 Have you ever realised that when we write, wtf is automatically translated but lol isn't.
 omg yeah thats true did you read this somewheere?you must have ; Yeppppppp :)
 woooohooo okay i think i really like your phone. Mmmmmmhmmmmm, yay.
 Lets do this one more time.

 Using word on the wrong account XD
 I was to use it on ufl ID I'll show you later
 Abhi MAil
 Oh Hogya
 sexy af :)

 This assignment is #BachhoKaKhel I guess as shweta was doing it yesterday and i pointed out one mistake and she had done the question on her own vese poora
 thats impressive
 Anyway so I think you should work on nptel and then I'll bath and freshen up, and then head to the study room and baki dekhte hain, Cool?
 uhm i fell asleep 10:30 yesterday coz exercise abhi mujhe vapis aadat dalni h to stay up late hehe so im unpredictable xp
 ill try staying up as much as i can but im tireddddddddd

 Listen to me, If you exhaust yourself, you won't be able to workout, It's gonna get very hard and well it's not gonna do you any good so...........NO STAYING UP LATE
 Do nptel and sleep, Cool?

 i have a feeling ill be asleep before that xpYaar what I'm saying is that rest is very important when you're going to the gym Like Diet, Water & Rest are most important in this and on that note, GO HAVE A GLASS OF WATER
 yes sir 
 as long as tu hai me sayi rahega ^.^
 Yeppppppppppppppppppppppppp, drink and work

 Me going Nahane, Then Study Room 
 okayy sir ji
 goodnight coz i might be asleep jab tu naha ke aaye :p
 uthoooooooooooooooo yes good 

 Goodnight Chubby <3 :* 
 goodnight panda 
 one more day then i look forward to 4 days off magar monday iss insaan ko model chhaiye ughhhhhhh 
 Yeppppppppppppppppppppp, gotta figure that out, thursday let's sit at the same time in the morning and we'll check github once and get it done with
 okiee oye sun my back hurts :/
 Did you do any weights?
 no just that rod
 Next time when you do it, ask your trainer to check your posture and kal when you go toh tell him about the back ache as well.
 my trainer doesnt leave me alone vahi rehta hai har minute xp 
 THARAK BADI CHEESE HAI
 lol naam rahul hai uska 
 suna hi hoga xp 
 Yepppppppppppppp, Chal Me going to 
 Bathhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 bye :*
 Cya Chubby :*